---

copyright:
  years: 2020, 2025
lastupdated: "2025-02-11"

keywords: logging, activity, monitor app, monitor secrets

subcollection: secrets-manager

---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}


# Logging for {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}}
{: #logging}

{{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} services, such as {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}}, generate platform logs that you can use to investigate abnormal activity and critical actions in your account, and troubleshoot problems.
{: shortdesc}

You can use {{site.data.keyword.logs_routing_full_notm}}, a platform service, to route platform logs in your account to a destination of your choice by configuring a tenant that defines where platform logs are sent. For more information, see [About Logs Routing](/docs/logs-router?topic=logs-router-about).

You can use {{site.data.keyword.logs_full_notm}} to visualize and alert on platform logs that are generated in your account and routed by {{site.data.keyword.logs_routing_full_notm}} to an {{site.data.keyword.logs_full_notm}} instance.

As of 28 March 2024, the {{site.data.keyword.la_full_notm}} service is deprecated and will no longer be supported as of 30 March 2025. Customers will need to migrate to {{site.data.keyword.logs_full_notm}} before 30 March 2025. During the migration period, customers can use {{site.data.keyword.la_full_notm}} along with {{site.data.keyword.logs_full_notm}}. Logging is the same for both services. For information about migrating from {{site.data.keyword.la_full_notm}} to {{site.data.keyword.logs_full_notm}} and running the services in parallel, see [migration planning](/docs/cloud-logs?topic=cloud-logs-migration-intro).
{: important}

## Before you begin
{: #before-logs}

If you're working with {{site.data.keyword.la_short}} for the first time, be sure that you create an instance in the same location as your {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}} instance. For more information, see [Configuring platform logs through the Observability dashboard](/docs/log-analysis?topic=log-analysis-config_svc_logs&interface=ui#config_svc_logs_ui).

For more information about regions where {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}} supports logging, check out [Regions and endpoints](/docs/secrets-manager?topic=secrets-manager-endpoints).

## Viewing logs
{: #view-logs-ui}

Logs that are generated by a {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}} service instance are forwarded automatically to the {{site.data.keyword.la_short}} instance that is available in the same location.

Only the following logs are being forwarded: All logs with the `ERROR` log level, and the `INFO`-level log for the `com.ibm.cloud.secrets-manager.secret_expired` event.
{: note}
  
To view {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}} logs, complete the following steps:

1. Log in to the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} console.
2. Go to **IBM Cloud > Observability** to access your [Observability dashboard](https://{DomainName}/observe){: external}.
3. From the navigation menu, click **Logging**.
4. Select a {{site.data.keyword.la_short}} instance, and click **Open Dashboard**.

    Don't have a {{site.data.keyword.la_short}} instance? [Create an instance](/docs/log-analysis?topic=log-analysis-provision) in the same location as your {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}} instance. Then, click **Configure platform logs** to receive logs from supported services in your account.
5. In the logging UI, filter by `secrets-manager` to view logs that are generated by {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}}.

    For more information about searching and filtering logs, check out the [{{site.data.keyword.la_short}} documentation](/docs/log-analysis?topic=log-analysis-monitor_logs).


## Analyzing logs
{: #analyze-logs-ui}

You can create views and alerts from all of your {{site.data.keyword.secrets-manager_short}} instances, or from a specific instance. To target a specific instance, replace `host:secrets-manager` with `app:{INSTANCE_CRN}`.

### Query for finding all errors from all instances
{: #query-all-logs}

Run the following query to find all errors from all of your instances.

```sh
host:secrets-manager
```

### Query for finding all errors from a specific instance
{: #query-instance-logs}

Run the following query to find all errors from a specific instance.

```sh
app:crn:v1:bluemix:public:secrets-manager:au-syd:a/9add8f16c5a24a6ea8ce5d8b89b15b28:ee536f33-48ce-4125-ae4a-37b46cdc802d::
```

To learn more about creating [views](/docs/log-analysis?topic=log-analysis-view_logs) and [alerts](/docs/log-analysis?topic=log-analysis-create_alert_ui), see the {{site.data.keyword.logs_full_notm}} documentation.
{: note}
